In which year did the first transatlantic radio broadcast occur?					A)1857 	B)1901 	C)1923 
What is part of a database that holds only one type of information?					A)Field	B)Row 	C)Column 
Which is a type of Electrically-Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory?					A)Byte 	B)Flash	C)Processor 
.MPG extension refers usually to what kind of file?							A)Audio File 	B)Text File C)Movie File 
Which consists of two plates separated by a dielectric and can store a charge?				A)Capacitor B)Amplifier C)Rectifier 
The transformer that develops the high voltage in a television is commonly called a?			A)Amplifier B)Flyback 	C)Capacitor 
DB computer abbreviation usually means?									A)Database  B)Databyte 	C)Databit 
How many bits is a byte?										A)6 	B)8	C)10 
Blue is what number on the resistor color code?								A)6	B)2 	C)5 
Another word for Graphics for a word processor?								A)Paint 	B)Clipart 	C)Draw 
What is the function of BJT in Electronics?								A)Amplifier B)Rectifier C)Condensor 
Another word for the CPU is ?										A)Memory B)Microprocessor C)Harddrive 
Which company created the most used networking software in the 1980's?					A)Cisco 	B)Apple 	C)Novell 
What is the Websites code for the country Spain?							A)ES	B)ESA 	C)SP
In what year did the Symantec Corporation first release Norton Antivirus?				A)1985 	B)1995 	C)1990 
In 1983, which person was the first to offer a definition of the term Computer Virus?			A)Bill Gates 	B)Cohen C)Steve Jobs 
In the abbreviation URL, what does U stand for?					 			A)Uniform  B)Unit  C)Universal 
The NTSC (National Television Standards Committee) is also used in the country of ?			A)China           B)Vietnam 	C)Japan 
Who built the world's first binary digit computer: Z1?						    A)Phil Zimmermann B)Konrad Zuse C)Steve Jobs 
Who created Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)?								    A)Phil Zimmermann B)Bill Gates C)Steve Jobs 
The sampling rate, (how many samples per second are stored) for a CD is ?				A)54.1 KHZ 	B)44.1 KHZ C)34.1 KHZ 
CD computer abbreviation usually means ?							    A)Compact Disc B)Clear Disc C)Control Disc 
In the term AM in Electronics, what does A stand for?							A)Antenna 	B)Air 	C)Amplitude  
What is the computer term to put information in order numerically or alphabetically?			A)Sort 	B)Link 	C)Grade 
The input used by an antenna or cable to a TV set uses frequencies called ?				A)AF 	B)RF 	C)PF 
What is the process of getting output from a laser to excite an active medium called?			A)Pumping B)Heating C)Bending 	
In thecomputer abbreviation DTP, what does DT means ?							A)Doortop 	B)Desktop C)Desktad 
