Artemis is the goddess of what?								A)Wealth 	B) Hunting	C)Love
Who was the Roman God of war?								A)Mars 		B)Juno 	C)Vesta 
How many heads does the demon Ravana have?						A)10 		B) 21	C) 14
What is Eros the god of?								A)Wealth 	B)Love 	C)Death
Who was the ancient Egyptian God of the sun?						A)Anubis 	B)Ptah 	C)Re 
What was the original name of Mahabharata?						A)Sundara 	B)Jaya 	C)Vijaya
What was the original name of Indrajit?							A)Meghanada 	B)Jambhavan 	C)Surya 
Who was the mother of Bhishma?								A)Parvati 	B)Ganga	C)Vijaya
Who was Valis son?									A)Pradhyumna 	B)Angadha 	C)Abhimanyu 
What was the name of Draupadis  brother?						A)Dhrishtadyumna B)Pradhyumna 	C)Sartaki 
What was the name of Krishnas bow?							A)Madhura 	B)Saranga 	C)Vijaya 
What ancient Greek city is famous for its Oracle?					A)Patras 	B)Athens 	C)Delphi 
Which day of the week is named after a Roman God?					A)Sunday	B)Saturday 	C)Tuesday
According to Greek mythological tradition where was the abode of the Gods?		A)Mount Olympus B)Mount Sinai 	C)Mount Ramon 
What mythological creature was half eagle half lion?					A)Chimera 	B)Furies 	C)Griffin 
Who is the Inca sun god?								A)Inti 		B)Pacha Mama 	C)Mama Coca 
Which of the following is not a Greek Olympian God?					A)Hera 	B)Inti 	C)Demeter 
What Trojan warrior first-born of King Priam was killed by Achilles?			A)Hector 	B)Athena 	C)Hera 
Alberich is the king of what race?							A)Incas 	B)Dwarfs 	C)Aztecs
What ship carried Jason and the Argonauts?						A)Argo		B) Apollo	C) Eros
What is the Greek name for Cupid, the god of sexual attraction?				A)Hera 		B)Eros 	   	C)Apollo 
(British) The Nine Ladies is a megalithic structure in what English county?		A)Kent 		B)Surrey 	C)Derbyshire
What goddess is associated with magic and witchcraft?					A)Hestia 	B)Hecate 	C)Iris 
(Persian) The goddess Anahita is associated with what planet?				A)Venus 	B) Mercury	C) Pluto
Natya-Shastra the main source of India's classical dances was written by ?		A)Bharat Muni 	B)Gandharva	C) Veda Vyasa
The Rath Yatra at Puri is celebrated in honour of which Hindu deity?			A)Vishnu 	B)Jagannath 	C)Shiva 
Kalchakra ceremony is associated with which of the following ceremonies?		A)Jainism 	B)Hinduism 	C)Buddhism 
