Who captained India to victory in the World Cup in 1983? 			 A) Sunil Gavaskar B) Kapil Dev  C) Ravi Shastri
Which Australian city has a cricket ground called the Oval? 			 A) Melbourne  B) Sydney  C) Perth
Which trophy is awarded to the winner of the West Indies Vs England Test Series? A) Red Strips  B) Challenger  C) Wisden
Who does the best batting average in a test career belong? 			 A) Don Bradman B) Sachin Tendulkar  C) Sunil Gavaskar
What is New Zealand cricketer Brendon McCullum's nickname? 			 A) Jazzy  B) Baggy C) Bazz
What was total number of matches played in the 1975 World Cup? 			 A) 24   B) 27  C) 15
Which national team are called Baggy Greens? 					 A) South Africa  B) Australia C) England
Who is the first Indian to cross 6000 runs mark in one day Internationals? 	 A) Kapil Dev  B) Sachin Tendulkar C) Mohd. Azharuddin
Which cricketer scored four hundreds in the 2016 IPL? 				 A) Virat Kohli B) Rohit Sharma C) Sachin Tendulkar
Which team has successfully defended its title in the IPL? 			 A) Mumbai Indians  B)Kolkata Knight Riders  C)Chennai Superkings
The West Indies hit 421 batting first in their warm up match versus who? 	 A) Australia  B) New Zealand C)South Africa
What town are the Derbyshire County Cricket club based in? 			 A) London  B) Nottingham C)Derby
When was overarm bowling accepted as legal? 					 A) 1945  B)1864  C)1924
How many minutes before play should the umpires take the field? 		 A) 15   B) 10 C)5
Who is the first Caribbean cricketer to be knighted?				 A) Viv Richards  B)Frank Worrell  C)Clive Lloyd
Who is the first batsman to cross 10000 runs in Tests? 				 A) Javed Miandad   B) Sachin Tendulkar C) Sunil Gavaskar
Which national team is nicknamed as Proteas? 					 A) Australia  B) New Zealand C) South Africa
Which country has played the maximum number of one day matches? 		 A) Austalia B) India C)England
What Indian cricketer is called Zak? 						 A) Mohd Azharuddin B) Zaheer Khan  C)Syed Kirmani
West Indian cricketer Fidel Edwards is better known as? 			 A) Maestro B)Sastro  C)Castro
