Who captained India to victory in the World Cup in 1983? 			 A) Sunil Gavaskar B) Kapil Dev  C) Ravi Shastri
Which Australian city has a cricket ground called the Oval? 			 A) Melbourne  B) Sydney  C) Perth
Which trophy is awarded to the winner of the West Indies Vs England Test Series? A) Red Strips  B) Challenger  C) Wisden
Who does the best batting average in a test career belong? 			 A) Don Bradman B) Sachin Tendulkar  C) Sunil Gavaskar
What is New Zealand cricketer Brendon McCullum's nickname? 			 A) Jazzy  B) Baggy C) Bazz
What was total number of matches played in the 1975 World Cup? 			 A) 24   B) 27  C) 15
Which national team are called Baggy Greens? 					 A) South Africa  B) Australia C) England
Who is the first Indian to cross 6000 runs mark in one day Internationals? 	 A) Kapil Dev  B) Sachin Tendulkar C) Mohd. Azharuddin
Which cricketer scored four hundreds in the 2016 IPL? 				 A) Virat Kohli B) Rohit Sharma C) Sachin Tendulkar
Which team has successfully defended its title in the IPL? 			 A) Mumbai Indians  B)Kolkata Knightriders  C)Chennai Superkings
The West Indies hit 421 batting first in their warm up match versus who? 	 A) Australia  B) New Zealand C)South Africa
What town are the Derbyshire County Cricket club based in? 			 A) London  B) Nottingham C)Derby
When was overarm bowling accepted as legal? 					 A) 1945  B)1864  C)1924
How many minutes before play should the umpires take the field? 		 A) 15   B) 10 C)5
Who is the first Caribbean cricketer to be knighted?				 A) Viv Richards  B)Frank Worrell  C)Clive Lloyd
Who is the first batsman to cross 10000 runs in Tests? 				 A) Javed Miandad   B) Sachin Tendulkar C) Sunil Gavaskar
Which national team is nicknamed as Proteas? 					 A) Australia  B) New Zealand C) South Africa
Which country has played the maximum number of one day matches? 		 A) Austalia B) India C)England
What Indian cricketer is called Zak? 						 A) Mohd Azharuddin B) Zaheer Khan  C)Syed Kirmani
West Indian cricketer Fidel Edwards is better known as? 			 A) Maestro B)Sastro  C)Castro
The period of unrecorded history is known as?					A)Historic Age B)Pre-historic Age C)Paleolithic Age
The Chinese ruler who built the Great Wall of China?				A)Lin-Shi-Huang B) Win-Shi-Chang C)Qin-Shi-Huang
The dynasty which ruled China for nearly 400 years?				A)Kin 	B) Han	C)Sin
A religious leader and philosopher who lived in China about 500 B.C?		A)Confucius	B) Sun Tzu	C) Lao Tzu
The most famous Greek poet?							A)Homer B) Hesiod   C)Euripides
The most famous student of Socrates?						A)Ponticus	B)Plato 	C) Heraclides
Who calculated the circumference of the earth?					A)Plato	B) Heraclides	C)Eratosthenes
The most famous ancient Roman orator?						A)Claudius	B)Cicero 	C)Seneca
The holy city to Judaism, Christianity and Islam?				A)Jerusalem 	B)Mecca 	C)Nazareth
The wife of Muhammad is known by name?						A)Rubiya	B)Khadijah	C)Salma
Who came to be known as the great Messiah?					A)Moses	        B)Abraham	C)Jesus
The most important leader of the Mongols?					A)Mongke	B)Genghis Khan 	C)Tolui
One of the Inca cities which was situated at a height of nearly 3500 metres?    A)Machu Pichu 	B)Cusco	C)Cota Coca
The year in which Julius Caesar was murdered by Brutus?				A)100 BC	B)44 BC	C)200 BC
The Egyptian beauty Queen who fell in love with Mark Antony?			A)Nadia	B)Cleopatra	C)Nefertiti
In 334 B.C who began a march that extended the Greek Empire upto India?		A)Aexander the Great 	B)Moses	C)Abraham
Which country will always be in the front line of Olympic march past?		A)Italy	B)France	C)Greece
The only South East Asian country never taken over by a European power?		A)Thailand 	B)Malaysia 	C)Vietnam
To whom is attributed the construction of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon?	A)Sammu Rammat 	B)Nebuchadnezzar II C)Robert Koldewey
The Battle of Plassey was fought in ?						A)1671	   B)1820	C)1757
Tripitakas are sacred books of ?						A)Jains 	B)Sikhs 	C)Buddhists
The treaty of Srirangapatna was signed between Tipu Sultan and ?		A)Cornwallis 	B)Dyer	C)Watson
The Vijayanagara ruler, Kirshnadev Raya's work Amuktamalyada, was in ?          A)Tamil 	B)Telugu	C)Kannada
The language of discourses of Gautama Buddha was ?                              A)Sanskrit	B)Hindi	C)Pali
Velu Thampi led a revolt against the British in state of ?                      A)Mysore	B)Indore 	C)Travancore
The weekly Commonweal was founded by ?                                          A)Annie Beasant B)Sarojini Naidu C)Kamala Nehru
Universities in the Presidency towns in India were established in ?		A)1920		B)1890		C)1857
The Kalinga was fought in ?							A)100 AD	B)261 BC 	C)500 BC
Which Alfred Hitchcock thriller is notorious for its shocking shower scene? 	A) Rear Window B) Psycho C) Windfall 
Who wrote the screenplay for Rocky? 					    	A)Clint Eastwood B)Steven Spielberg C) Sylvester Stallone
What 1927 musical was the first talkie? 				    	A)Jazz Singer  B)Jazz Party C)Jazz Music
For what movie did Steven Spielberg win his first Oscar for Best Director?  	A)Titanic  B)Jaws C)Schindler's List
What animal is front-and-center in an infamous scene from The Godfather?    	A)Lion B)Leopard C)Horse
Which was the first Indian movie nominated for Oscar? 			    	A) Mother India  B)Sangam C) Mera Naam Joker
Who played Juror Number 8 in 12 Angry Men? 				    	A) Jane Fonda B) Henry Fonda C)George Clooney
What 1994 crime film revitalized John Travolta’s career? 		    	A)Face Off  B)Pulp Fiction C)Grease
What’s the name of Charlie Chaplin’s most famous, recurring character? 	    	A)Johnny B)Bill C)Tramp
Who played detective Rick Deckard in Blade Runner? 			    	A)Harrison Ford  B)Bruce Willis C)Steven Seagal
Which American director starred in iconic European-produced Spaghetti Westerns? A)Gregory Peck  B)Clint Eastwood C)Harrison Ford
In what 1976 thriller does Robert De Niro famously say You talkin’ to me?   	A) Die Hard B)Taxi Driver C)The Heat
In which 1954 crime drama Marlon Brando says I could have been a contender?     A)On The Waterfront  B)The Wild One C)God Father
What Hollywood movie star plays himself in Zombieland? 			        A)Gregory Peck  B)Clint Eastwood C)Bill Murray
What is the highest-grossing R-rated movie of all time? 		        A)Die Hard  B)Joker C)Jaws
The play Everybody Comes to Rick’s was adapted for the following movie? 	A)God Father  B)Gone with the Wind C)Casablanca
Which 1927 war drama was the first movie to ever win Best Picture? 	    	A)Wings  B) My Best Girl C) My First Auto
What was Quentin Tarantino‘s first feature as writer/director? 		    	A)Pulp Fiction  B)Django C)Reservoir Dogs
Name the person who received an Oscar nomination for acting in Star Wars?   	A)George Clooney  B)Harrison Ford C)Alec Guiness
How many suns does Luke’s home planet of Tatooine have in Star Wars? 	    	A)5  B)10 C)2
Artemis is the goddess of what?								A)Wealth 	B) Hunting	C)Love
Who was the Roman God of war?								A)Mars 		B)Juno 	C)Vesta 
How many heads does the demon Ravana have?						A)10 		B) 21	C) 14
What is Eros the god of?								A)Wealth 	B)Love 	C)Death
Who was the ancient Egyptian God of the sun?						A)Anubis 	B)Ptah 	C)Re 
What was the original name of Mahabharata?						A)Sundara 	B)Jaya 	C)Vijaya
What was the original name of Indrajit?							A)Meghanada 	B)Jambhavan 	C)Surya 
Who was the mother of Bhishma?								A)Parvati 	B)Ganga	C)Vijaya
Who was Valis son?									A)Pradhyumna 	B)Angadha 	C)Abhimanyu 
What was the name of Draupadis  brother?						A)Dhrishtadyumna B)Pradhyumna 	C)Sartaki 
What was the name of Krishnas bow?							A)Madhura 	B)Saranga 	C)Vijaya 
What ancient Greek city is famous for its Oracle?					A)Patras 	B)Athens 	C)Delphi 
Which day of the week is named after a Roman God?					A)Sunday	B)Saturday 	C)Tuesday
According to Greek mythological tradition where was the abode of the Gods?		A)Mount Olympus B)Mount Sinai 	C)Mount Ramon 
What mythological creature was half eagle half lion?					A)Chimera 	B)Furies 	C)Griffin 
Who is the Inca sun god?								A)Inti 		B)Pacha Mama 	C)Mama Coca 
Which of the following is not a Greek Olympian God?					A)Hera 	B)Inti 	C)Demeter 
What Trojan warrior first-born of King Priam was killed by Achilles?			A)Hector 	B)Athena 	C)Hera 
Alberich is the king of what race?							A)Incas 	B)Dwarfs 	C)Aztecs
What ship carried Jason and the Argonauts?						A)Argo		B) Apollo	C) Eros
What is the Greek name for Cupid, the god of sexual attraction?				A)Hera 		B)Eros 	   	C)Apollo 
(British) The Nine Ladies is a megalithic structure in what English county?		A)Kent 		B)Surrey 	C)Derbyshire
What goddess is associated with magic and witchcraft?					A)Hestia 	B)Hecate 	C)Iris 
(Persian) The goddess Anahita is associated with what planet?				A)Venus 	B) Mercury	C) Pluto
Natya-Shastra the main source of India's classical dances was written by ?		A)Bharat Muni 	B)Gandharva	C) Veda Vyasa
The Rath Yatra at Puri is celebrated in honour of which Hindu deity?			A)Vishnu 	B)Jagannath 	C)Shiva 
Kalchakra ceremony is associated with which of the following ceremonies?		A)Jainism 	B)Hinduism 	C)Buddhism 
Humans and chimpanzees share roughly how much DNA?					A)94        	B)98	 	C)85
What is the most abundant gas in the Earths atmosphere?					A)Nitrogen      B)Helium 	C)CO2
At what temperature are Celsius and Fahrenheit equal?					A)-70       	B)-40 	 	C)-50
What modern-day country was Marie Curie born in?					A)France       	B)Poland 	C)Spain
What is the biggest planet in our solar system?						A)Neptune       B)Mercury 	C)Jupiter
What is a material that will not carry an electrical charge called?			A)Insulator     B)Carbonator 	C)Terminator
How many teeth does an adult human have?						A)26        	B)32	 	C)28
What is the study of mushrooms called?							A)Oncology      B)Fisiology 	C)Mycology
On the periodic table, what symbol stands for Silver?					A)Bg        	B)Sg 	 	C)Ag
In electronics What does DC stand for?							A)Direct Current B)Direct Cost 	C)Destructive Current
Which is a non metal that remains liquid at room temperature?				A)Mercury        B)Bromine 	 C)Steel
What is the common name for Washing Soda?					A)Sodium Carbonate B)Calcium Carbonate 	 C)Potassium Carbonate
Atoms are composed of?									A)Photons        B)Neutrons 	 C)Electrons & Nuclei
Isotopes are separated by?								A)Distillation   B)Evaporation 	 C)Fermentation
Who suggested that most of the atoms mass is located in the nucleus?			A)Einstein       B)Edison 	 C)Rutherford
Mesons are found in?									A)Solar Rays     B)Alpha Rays 	 C)Cosmic Rays
Decibel is the unit for the intensity of ?						A)Light          B)Sound 	 C)Earth Quake
Kilowatt is a unit to measure?								A)Power        	 B)Weight 	 C)Radiation
Electric current is measured by?							A)Watts          B)Ammeter 	 C)Litres
Potassium nitrate is used in?								A)Detergent      B)Hand Soap	 C)Fertilizer
The most important ore of aluminium is?							A)Bauxite        B)Granite 	 C)Coal
Balloons are filled with?								A)Oxygen         B)Helium 	 C)Nitrogen
One kilometre is equal to how many miles?						A)0.54        	 B)0.72	 	 C)0.62
Epoxy resins are used as?								A)Adhesives      B)Vaporizer 	 C)Liquidifier
In an atomic nucleus, neutrons and protons are held together by?			A)Gravity        B)Friction 	 C)Exchange Forces
Nuclear fission is caused by the impact of?						A)Neutron        B)Proton 	 C)Helium
How many colours the sunlight spectrum has?						A)9       	 B)5 	 	 C)7
Reading of a barometer going down is an indication of?					A)Rainfall       B)Sunny Weather C)Cloudy Weather
Detergents used for cleaning clothes and utensils contain?				A)Carbonates     B)Benzene 	 C)Sulphonates
In which year did the first transatlantic radio broadcast occur?					A)1857 	B)1901 	C)1923 
What is part of a database that holds only one type of information?					A)Field	B)Row 	C)Column 
Which is a type of Electrically-Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory?					A)Byte 	B)Flash	C)Processor 
.MPG extension refers usually to what kind of file?							A)Audio File 	B)Text File C)Movie File 
Which consists of two plates separated by a dielectric and can store a charge?				A)Capacitor B)Amplifier C)Rectifier 
The transformer that develops the high voltage in a television is commonly called a?			A)Amplifier B)Flyback 	C)Capacitor 
DB computer abbreviation usually means?									A)Database  B)Databyte 	C)Databit 
How many bits is a byte?										A)6 	B)8	C)10 
Blue is what number on the resistor color code?								A)6	B)2 	C)5 
Another word for Graphics for a word processor?								A)Paint 	B)Clipart 	C)Draw 
What is the function of BJT in Electronics?								A)Amplifier B)Rectifier C)Condensor 
Another word for the CPU is ?										A)Memory B)Microprocessor C)Harddrive 
Which company created the most used networking software in the 1980's?					A)Cisco 	B)Apple 	C)Novell 
What is the Websites code for the country Spain?							A)ES	B)ESA 	C)SP
In what year did the Symantec Corporation first release Norton Antivirus?				A)1985 	B)1995 	C)1990 
In 1983, which person was the first to offer a definition of the term Computer Virus?			A)Bill Gates 	B)Cohen C)Steve Jobs 
In the abbreviation URL, what does U stand for?					 			A)Uniform  B)Unit  C)Universal 
The NTSC (National Television Standards Committee) is also used in the country of ?			A)China           B)Vietnam 	C)Japan 
Who built the world's first binary digit computer: Z1?						    A)Phil Zimmermann B)Konrad Zuse C)Steve Jobs 
Who created Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)?								    A)Phil Zimmermann B)Bill Gates C)Steve Jobs 
The sampling rate, (how many samples per second are stored) for a CD is ?				A)54.1 KHZ 	B)44.1 KHZ C)34.1 KHZ 
CD computer abbreviation usually means ?							    A)Compact Disc B)Clear Disc C)Control Disc 
In the term AM in Electronics, what does A stand for?							A)Antenna 	B)Air 	C)Amplitude  
What is the computer term to put information in order numerically or alphabetically?			A)Sort 	B)Link 	C)Grade 
The input used by an antenna or cable to a TV set uses frequencies called ?				A)AF 	B)RF 	C)PF 
What is the process of getting output from a laser to excite an active medium called?			A)Pumping B)Heating C)Bending 	
In the computer abbreviation DTP, what does DT mean?							A)Doortop 	B)Desktop C)Desktad 
