Which Alfred Hitchcock thriller is notorious for its shocking shower scene? 	A) Rear Window B) Psycho C) Windfall 
Who wrote the screenplay for Rocky? 					    	A)Clint Eastwood B)Steven Spielberg C) Sylvester Stallone
What 1927 musical was the first talkie? 				    	A)Jazz Singer  B)Jazz Party C)Jazz Music
For what movie did Steven Spielberg win his first Oscar for Best Director?  	A)Titanic  B)Jaws C)Schindler's List
What animal is front-and-center in an infamous scene from The Godfather?    	A)Lion B)Leopard C)Horse
Which was the first Indian movie nominated for Oscar? 			    	A) Mother India  B)Sangam C) Mera Naam Joker
Who played Juror Number 8 in 12 Angry Men? 				    	A) Jane Fonda B) Henry Fonda C)George Clooney
What 1994 crime film revitalized John Travolta’s career? 		    	A)Face Off  B)Pulp Fiction C)Grease
What’s the name of Charlie Chaplin’s most famous, recurring character? 	    	A)Johnny B)Bill C)Tramp
Who played detective Rick Deckard in Blade Runner? 			    	A)Harrison Ford  B)Bruce Willis C)Steven Seagal
Which American director starred in iconic European-produced Spaghetti Westerns? A)Gregory Peck  B)Clint Eastwood C)Harrison Ford
In what 1976 thriller does Robert De Niro famously say You talkin’ to me?   	A) Die Hard B)Taxi Driver C)The Heat
In which 1954 crime drama Marlon Brando says I could have been a contender?     A)On The Waterfront  B)The Wild One C)God Father
What Hollywood movie star plays himself in Zombieland? 			        A)Gregory Peck  B)Clint Eastwood C)Bill Murray
What is the highest-grossing R-rated movie of all time? 		        A)Die Hard  B)Joker C)Jaws
The play Everybody Comes to Rick’s was adapted for the following movie? 	A)God Father  B)Gone with the Wind C)Casablanca
Which 1927 war drama was the first movie to ever win Best Picture? 	    	A)Wings  B) My Best Girl C) My First Auto
What was Quentin Tarantino‘s first feature as writer/director? 		    	A)Pulp Fiction  B)Django C)Reservoir Dogs
Name the person who received an Oscar nomination for acting in Star Wars?   	A)George Clooney  B)Harrison Ford C)Alec Guiness
How many suns does Luke’s home planet of Tatooine have in Star Wars? 	    	A)5  B)10 C)2

