Which Alfred Hitchcock thriller is notorious for its shocking shower scene?
Who wrote the screenplay for Rocky?
What 1927 musical was the first talkie?
For what movie did Steven Spielberg win his first Oscar for Best Director?
The head of what kind of animal is front-and-center in an infamous scene from The Godfather?
Which was the first Indian movie nominated for Oscar?
Who played Juror Number 8 in 12 Angry Men?
What 1994 crime film revitalized John Travolta s career?
What is the name of Charlie Chaplin s most famous, recurring character?
Who played detective Rick Deckard in Blade Runner?
Which American director starred in several iconic European-produced Spaghetti Westerns?
In what 1976 thriller does Robert De Niro famously say Youre talkin to me?
In what iconic 1954 crime drama Marlon Brando says I could have been a contender?
What Hollywood movie star plays himself in Zombieland?
What is the highest grossing R rated movie of all time?
The stage play Everybody Comes to Rick s was adapted for the screen to become what 1942 Best Picture winner?
Which 1927 war drama was the first movie to ever win Best Picture?
What was Quentin Tarantino s first feature as director?
Who is the only person ever to receive an Oscar nomination for acting in a Star Wars movie?
How many suns does Luke s home planet of Tatooine have in Star Wars?
Which was the first Indian movie nominated for Oscar?
Who is known as the Father of Indian cinema?
Which was the first 3D movie in India?
Which 1948 Alfred Hitchcock movie starred James Stewart and was shot to look like one continuous take?
In what 1979 James Bond movie does the famous spy go to outer space?
Who is the first actor to play Jack Ryan on screen?
What is the highest-grossing foreign-language film at the U.S. box office?
What 1970 movie marked the feature debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger?
What movie holds the record for most Oscar wins without winning Best Picture (eight wins total)?
What is the highest-grossing movie of all time when taking inflation into account?